README.md, before:

# powershell7
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/n3snah/powershell7.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/n3snah/powershell7)

This module has been developed to manage the installation of PowerShell 7.

## Table of Contents

1. [Description](#description)
1. [Setup - The basics of getting started with powershell7](#setup)
    * [Beginning with powershell7](#beginning-with-powershell7)
1. [Usage - Configuration options and additional functionality](#usage)
    * [Install and Enable PowerShell 7](#install-and-enable-powershell-7)
    * [Disable Context Menu Options](#disable-context-menu-options)
    * [Disable PS Remoting](#disable-ps-remoting)
    * [Change Update Notification Settings](#change-update-notification-settings)
1. [Limitations - OS compatibility, etc.](#limitations)
1. [Development - Guide for contributing to the module](#development)

## Description

PowerShell 7 is the latest major update which builds on PowerShell 6 core. This
version of PowerShell brings many new features, cmdlets and includes a number of
bugfixes.

## Setup

### Beginning with powershell7

`include powershell7` is enough to get started and have PowerShell 7 installed on
your windows server.

## Usage

All parameters for this module are contained in the powershell7 class. If you would
like to alter installation settings such as context menu options please see below.

### Install and Enable PowerShell 7
```
include powershell7
```

### Disable Context Menu Options
```
class { 'powershell7':
  'add_explorer_context_menu_openpowershell' => 0,
  'add_file_context_menu_runpowershell' => 0,
}
```

### Disable PS Remoting
```
class { 'powershell7':
  'enable_psremoting' => 0,
}
```

### Change Update Notification Settings
PowerShell 7 added a new feature to alert users when a newer version of the PowerShell
application is available. This can be configured to `Off`, `Default` or `LTS`.
The notification doesn't provide any capabilities to update PowerShell but just to notify only.
```
class { 'powershell7':
  'powershell_updatecheck' => 'LTS,
}
```

## Limitations

Currently this has only been designed and tested for Windows. PowerShell 7 on
Linux is not yet supported in this module.

## Development

If you would like to contribute to this module. Fork me on github, make your
desired changes and create a Pull request back to `n3snah/powershell7`

Commit message:

fix: corrected typo powershell7_spec feat: added in unit testing for `with defaults and os_letter => D and release_type => stable` feat: added in unit testing for `with defaults and download_dir set differently`

README.md, after:

# powershell7
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/n3snah/powershell7.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/n3snah/powershell7)

This module has been developed to manage the installation of PowerShell 7.

## Table of Contents

1. [Description](#description)
1. [Setup - The basics of getting started with powershell7](#setup)
    * [Beginning with powershell7](#beginning-with-powershell7)
1. [Usage - Configuration options and additional functionality](#usage)
    * [Install and Enable PowerShell 7](#install-and-enable-powershell-7)
    * [Disable Context Menu Options](#disable-context-menu-options)
    * [Disable PS Remoting](#disable-ps-remoting)
    * [Change Update Notification Settings](#change-update-notification-settings)
1. [Limitations - OS compatibility, etc.](#limitations)
1. [Development - Guide for contributing to the module](#development)

## Description

PowerShell 7 is the latest major update which builds on PowerShell 6 core. This
version of PowerShell brings many new features, cmdlets and includes a number of
bugfixes.

## Setup

### Beginning with powershell7

`include powershell7` is enough to get started and have PowerShell 7 installed on
your windows server.

## Usage

All parameters for this module are contained in the powershell7 class. If you would
like to alter installation settings such as context menu options please see below.

### Install and Enable PowerShell 7
```
include powershell7
```

### Disable Context Menu Options
```
class { 'powershell7':
  'add_explorer_context_menu_openpowershell' => 0,
  'add_file_context_menu_runpowershell' => 0,
}
```

### Disable PS Remoting
```
class { 'powershell7':
  'enable_psremoting' => 0,
}
```

### Change Update Notification Settings
PowerShell 7 added a new feature to alert users when a newer version of the PowerShell
application is available. This can be configured to `Off`, `Default` or `LTS`.
The notification doesn't provide any capabilities to update PowerShell but just to notify only.
```
class { 'powershell7':
  'powershell_updatecheck' => 'LTS,
}
```

## Limitations

Currently this has only been designed and tested for Windows. PowerShell 7 on
Linux is not yet supported in this module.

Due to using the Stdlib::Absolutepath and the way that the code is structured. You cannot have `download_dir` set to `C:\`.
This would cause the path to end up something like `C:\\file.msi` which wouldn't be a valid windows path.

## Development

If you would like to contribute to this module. Fork me on github, make your
desired changes and create a Pull request back to `n3snah/powershell7`
